README.md, before:

# Sigh ... A Goose Simulator. 
by Haoda Fan

version 0.2A - Honk honk honk honk 

# How to Play
Arrow keys to move around. Spacebar to honk. '+' and '-' to change volume of nice music. This isn't exactly a sophisticated simulation. 

# Development 
## Uhh... why? 
The main purpose of this ... thing, was for me to learn Haxe and HaxeFlixel, a 2D open-source game engine with many similarities to Flash and Actionscript of the good old internet games of the 2000s. 
Learn more about it [here](http://haxeflixel.com/documentation/about/). Eventually, I want to start making like ... actual games using that. 

## Future Goals for this thing
I kinda want to make it so that if you press a button, you can lay an egg which will hatch into another goose, so now you control two geese. 
And when you press it again, out comes another pair of geese! And you increase exponentially!!! Jeez, what is wrong with me. Also making so that the goose can't run off screen would be nice.

## Resources used
- HaxeFlixel 
- Piskel (for the goose) 
- SoundBible (for the honks) 
- Laggy's memetube channel (for the musik) 

# FAQ
### But why tho
idk 

### How many hours did you spend making this? 
TOO. MANY. TO. JUSTIFY. 

### Where did you get this idea even
I go to waterloo. 

### Why didn't you make like literally anything else
idk


# To conclude
Thanks to all my friends for testing out my thing and enjoying it at the same time. Makes it seem like not a complete waste of my life after all :')

Commit message:

Updated README again honk honk honk honk honk
to account for the fact that my website now dead sad honk

README.md, after:

# Sigh ... A Goose Simulator. 
by Haoda Fan

version 0.2A - Honk honk honk honk 

# How to Run
Currently my website is defunct so this is the only way to play it: 
1. Clone the repo 
2. Go to export/flash/bin and run the .swf file
3. Have fun! 
(Alternatively you could just download the .swf file from github and just run that)

# How to Play
Arrow keys to move around. Spacebar to honk. '+' and '-' to change volume of nice music. This isn't exactly a sophisticated simulation. 

# Development 
## Uhh... why? 
The main purpose of this ... thing, was for me to learn Haxe and HaxeFlixel, a 2D open-source game engine with many similarities to Flash and Actionscript of the good old internet games of the 2000s. 
Learn more about it [here](http://haxeflixel.com/documentation/about/). Eventually, I want to start making like ... actual games using that. 

## Future Goals for this thing
I kinda want to make it so that if you press a button, you can lay an egg which will hatch into another goose, so now you control two geese. 
And when you press it again, out comes another pair of geese! And you increase exponentially!!! Jeez, what is wrong with me. Also making so that the goose can't run off screen would be nice.

## Resources used
- HaxeFlixel 
- Piskel (for the goose) 
- SoundBible (for the honks) 
- Laggy's memetube channel (for the musik) 

# FAQ
### But why tho
idk 

### How many hours did you spend making this? 
TOO. MANY. TO. JUSTIFY. 

### Where did you get this idea even
I go to waterloo. 

### Why didn't you make like literally anything else
idk


# To conclude
Thanks to all my friends for testing out my thing and enjoying it at the same time. Makes it seem like not a complete waste of my life after all :')
